### **Meeting Minutes:**

**Attendance**
Mario
Rory
DanGoron
Sid
Hopinheimer
Kira
Glory Agatevure (gconnect)
Zarathustra

Mario - First [milestone](https://github.com/orgs/eth-protocol-fellows/projects/1/views/2?filterQuery=), idea was to finish before last week. We are almost there. I edited project status today again to reflect latest changes. Idea was to finish before cohort. You can see Backlog, In Progress and Done. Great job on Done page! And kudos to Kira for Consensus Layer Wiki page. Rahul's work on protocol review is in progress...Raa to help? Otherwise Rahul will take over. Mario asked Rory about Testing backlog. Been tied up with EPF project/research but will continue adding to Testing page this weekend. My EPF project revolves around Testing so this makes it easier.

Mario - Do we like the Kanban board, this style and milestone tracking progress?

Kira - I think this is great and I like reviewing so we have a better view. DanGoron agrees also.

Mario - Gives me better overview of what issues, PRs are coupled and I tried to keep it the same. Keep PR and Issue coupled. We can change the dates if we want to be precise.

DanGoron - Regarding dates, we should keep them loosely, we all will contribute but it’s finding the time is more difficult now. Keeping timeline loose seems like the best way.

Mario - EPF people coming in, let me look into current PRs as well. Some PRs open from other people who are not here. Fuzzing page….Fuzzing could be integrated into Testing? (Rory to take this on). Dan you opened up an issue you wanted to bring up on the call?

DanGoron - Wanted to find time to finish roadmap. Last three "-urges" that need to be completed and thought I hoped other Fellows would want to contribute, used same structure to fill in. Hopefully I can attract Fellows to join and ask for review, otherwise if I have time I will finish myself.

Mario - On one hand, I think it’s great if Fellows come and contribute. This content is mostly for them, but also they are focused on working, learning. I was hoping first two weeks people contributing, or EPF focused on fellowship projects, they shouldn’t work on wiki as it may be viewed as less of a priority. First few weeks might be different to keep up with the pace, absolutely no worries if you are focusing on something else.

DanGoron - I do it out of passion so it’s only matter of finding the time. Very nice project Mario that you started and that we contribute to!

Mario - I’m pushing for people to use it and somehow people also ignore it.

Dan - Referring to the wiki in our weekly updates could be good practice. Use it and tell others to use it.

Mario - My observation, I saw in some updates people looking into wiki articles. Then I see questions from people that are answered on wiki. We were explicit about it, I sent people directly to the wiki. I’m not sure how people see it, let’s ask a poll in the next call or fellowship chat, "do you have any feedback for us?"

DanGoron - There are Fellows that joined just recently and they do not, might not, spend a lot of time reading about what happened in EPF before they came in.

Mario - Will post in Protocol chat for people to be aware of it and give us issue if there’s anything wrong with it.

Sid - It was information overload in the first few weeks too.

DanGoron - Definitely a learning curve there. I’ve also known what I want to work on since I joined the study group. The meeting with the first office hours made me realize we need to think more holistically. I try to assimilate as much as possible before diving in. V2 something we start advertising or v1?

Mario - Have our own serenity? We can do this but I would keep this v2 thing for later, maybe next year’s study group. I don’t want to take too much resources but also the difference we can make in the content is not huge. There are gaps we have to fill but I would still have it v1.1. Not much difference to call it v2. I would like to have v2 but let’s see how it goes in the coming months. Let’s keep it like this. Gives me ptsd from serenity. :)

Mario - When I merge the main to the wiki pages branch, I just name it after the week, the day it was done. 8 June version is just four comments behind. I was waiting for some updates but I can push it now if there is nothing merging soon. Should I call it something else or should i keep it as the date naming? Maybe we can call this 1.0. Going with semVer. Do we want to start with 1.0.0? Still going to add date just for reference, push and wiki pages now updated. You should see latest comment there. Make an archive and release it in the GitHub releases. But right now GitHub deployment is running. Just deployed! Also wait for Rahul’s review or if anyone else wants to post a review there.

Kira is addressing comments on the CL PR today

Somebody wanted to create table for CL clients based on diversity site.

Zarathustra just joined!

Mario addressing this new [issue](https://github.com/eth-protocol-fellows/protocol-studies/issues/295). Frontend is blocked by YouTube now. I wanted to avoid YouTube ads and now they are blocking it. If you want to create GitHub actions workflow.

Zarathustra - I can do this (responding to his issue).

Mario - Reminder not to prioritize EPS wiki work compared to EPF itself. Going to go into hotfix of 0.1.0.

Mario - Anything I missed from agenda?

Sid - [Mayowa](https://github.com/MayowaObisesan) messaged me about contributing to EL specs. Very little content in EL specs presentation we have so I brought him in. He might be doing that. His Discord is: blessed07

Mario - I could have shilled Contributor meeting.

Glory Agatevure (gconnect) - Introduction. Newcomer! Where can I contribute?

Mario - Read through the EPF wiki, as you look into it you see articles that are just stubs, any of these missing gaps, you can write your own page on it. Open a PR and contribute. Also existing pages might miss details so you can contribute to existing pages based on what you read there. Look into issues and look into wiki!

Mario - Before we finish, for our next call, what do we think about schedule? In two weeks is EthCC, so maybe in three weeks from now? But could also do in person.

Next contributor meeting will be 11 July!
